Add support for topology (#35)
mphowardlab/lammpsio: README.md

- `N`: number of particles (int)
- `box`: bounding box (`Box`)
- `step`: timestep counter (int)

> - `num_types`: number of particle types (int)

Reviewer: We should add a short comment (maybe at the end of this section) about what happens when `num_types is None` (i.e., the number of types is deduced from `typeid`).

- `typeid`: (*N*,) array of type indexes (dtype: `int`, default: `1`)
- `mass`: (*N*,) array of masses (dtype: `float`, default: `1`)
- `charge`: (*N*,) array of charges (dtype: `float`, default: `0`)

> - `bonds`: Bond data (dtype: `Topology.Bonds`, default: None)
> - `angles`: Angle data (dtype: `Topology.Angles`, default: None)
> - `dihedrals`: Dihedral data (dtype: `Topology.Dihedrals`, default: None)
> - `impropers`: Improper data (dtype: `Topology.Improper`, default: None)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bonds`: Bond data (dtype: `Bonds`, default: `None`)
- `angles`: Angle data (dtype: `Angles`, default: `None`)
- `dihedrals`: Dihedral data (dtype: `Dihedrals`, default: `None`)
- `impropers`: Improper data (dtype: `Impropers`, default: `None`)
```

    if not snapshot.has_mass():
        snapshot.mass = [2.,2.,10.]

## Topology

> The particle topology is stored in `Topology` derived classes. `Topology` derived
> classes are `Bonds`, `Angles`, `Dihedrals`, and `Impropers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topology (bond information) can be stored in `Bonds`, `Angles`, `Dihedrals`,
and `Impropers` objects. All these objects function similarly, differing only in the
number of particles that are included in a connection (2 for a bond, 3 for an angle,
4 for a dihedral or improper). Each connection has an associated `id` and `typeid`.

```py
bonds = Bonds(N=3, num_types=2)
angles = Angles(N=2, num_types=1)
```

Reviewer: There should be a trailing triple backtick here, but I can't figure out how to escape it inside the suggestion backticks.

> These constructor arguments are available to each type of topology as attributes:
> 
> - `N`: number of topology, e.g., bonds, angles, dihedrals, or impropers (int)
> - `num_types`: number of topology types (int)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These constructor arguments are available as attributes:

- `N`: number of connections (int)
- `num_types`: number of connection types (int)
```

> - `num_types`: number of topology types (int)

Reviewer: A comment that type deducation works the same for these objects as for the Snapshot would also be good.

> The data contained in a `Topology` derived classes per particle is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data contained per connection is:
```

> - `num_members`: (*N*,i) array of particles IDs in each topology (dtype: `int`, default: `1`)
> , where i=2 for bonds, i=3 for angles, i=4 for dihedrals and impropers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `num_members`: (*N*, *M*) array of particles IDs in each topology (dtype: `int`, default: `1`),
where *M* is the number of particles in a connection.
```

- `id`: (*N*,) array topology IDs (dtype: `int`, default: runs from 1 to *N*)
- `typeid`: (*N*,) array of type indexes (dtype: `int`, default: `1`)

All values of indexes will follow the LAMMPS 1-indexed convention, but the

> arrays themselves are 0-indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arrays themselves are 0-indexed. Lazy array initialization is used as for the `Snapshot`.
```

> The `Topology` derived classes will lazily initialize these per-topology arrays as they are
> accessed to save memory. Hence, accessing a per-topology property will allocate
> it to default values. If you want to check if an attribute has been set, use the
> corresponding `has_` method instead (e.g., `has_id()`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
